com/epam/esm/repository/mapper/TagMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.mapper.TagMapper
com/epam/esm/config/AppConfig.java
 com.epam.esm.config.AppConfig
com/epam/esm/repository/GiftTagMappingRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.GiftTagMappingRepository
com/epam/esm/model/dto/IdDto.java
 com.epam.esm.model.dto.IdDto
com/epam/esm/controller/GiftCertificateController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.GiftCertificateController
com/epam/esm/model/type/SortTypeQuery.java
 com.epam.esm.model.type.SortTypeQuery
com/epam/esm/service/impl/GiftCertificateServiceImplementation.java
 com.epam.esm.service.impl.GiftCertificateServiceImplementation
com/epam/esm/service/impl/TagServiceImplementation.java
 com.epam.esm.service.impl.TagServiceImplementation
com/epam/esm/controller/TagCertificateController.java
 com.epam.esm.controller.TagCertificateController
com/epam/esm/model/GiftCertificate.java
 com.epam.esm.model.GiftCertificate
com/epam/esm/repository/CrdRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.CrdRepository
com/epam/esm/repository/CrudRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.CrudRepository
com/epam/esm/repository/TransactionManager.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.TransactionManager
com/epam/esm/model/dto/CertificateFilterDto.java
 com.epam.esm.model.dto.CertificateFilterDto
com/epam/esm/model/dto/CreateTagDto.java
 com.epam.esm.model.dto.CreateTagDto
com/epam/esm/model/dto/CreateGiftCertificateDto.java
 com.epam.esm.model.dto.CreateGiftCertificateDto
com/epam/esm/model/Tag.java
 com.epam.esm.model.Tag
com/epam/esm/repository/TagRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.TagRepository
com/epam/esm/model/dto/UpdateGiftCertificateDto.java
 com.epam.esm.model.dto.UpdateGiftCertificateDto
com/epam/esm/service/TagService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.TagService
com/epam/esm/service/GiftCertificateService.java
 com.epam.esm.service.GiftCertificateService
com/epam/esm/repository/GiftCertificateRepository.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.GiftCertificateRepository
com/epam/esm/repository/mapper/GiftCertificateMapper.java
 com.epam.esm.repository.mapper.GiftCertificateMapper
